[Music]
at the grotto Oh God
where we make a fine work in oh-oh-oh
Merry Christmas do you send me a letter
yes that's right I remember what was
there you asked me for again next box
that's right I remember your sous buy is
out I and Tony's your staff yes nasty
business all huh
your dad's due for parole and he will he
be out for Christmas no no probably the
best given the amount of people that
eventually came forward now I don't want
to disappoint you but I reckon the Xbox
is a bit pie in the sky like you'd be
better off lowering your expectations
I'm thinking Sega Megadrive maybe a
Playstation one but when you opens it
try and look surprised because your
mother's been through enough this year
without you sucking all over the shop
now here's a gift from Mia and Rudolph
the only way